---
layout: post
title:  "Finding motivations, defining fresh goals"
date:   2017-01-01 08:23:01 -0600
---

First post of the year, coming in strong with a big 2-0-1-7 in this new Date() (yep, I'm a super nerd..) and it feels pretty good. I spent most of the first day staying active, productive and positive. Did some brunching, rowing, hiking and cooking and wrapped it up with the discovery that "What About Bob" had somehow made it to my Netflix list. So that happened as well, no regrets.

I'm glad 2016 is over, but specifically glad for December's end. The whole month wrapped up with a whirlwind of work on various projects that left me glad for this break. JS30 took a backseat, but I stayed busy on the current Angular project I am working on, which launches January 12th. Like, "Live Stream Event" launches. Feeling the pressure, but excited for the whole thing to come together. JS30 will continue, I believe the next day I have scheduled is to pick up on some localstorage stuff, which I always like using. Knowing Wes, even though I've used it often, I'm sure I'll still have my mind blown with new information.

Anyway, on a personal level, I am approaching 2017 with kind of a specific purpose. I want to continue to focus on my health, continue working out and eating well, but I also want to find ways to become a healthier person on a social, emotional and spiritual level. I started a process recently of seeking out new environments and experiences in order to put myself in them and force myself to grow. I've been meeting more people, challenging myself as a developer, father, partner, friend and teammate. It's all been scary at points, but I've regretted none of it. In situations I've faced (and will continue to face) that ended up on the awkward or uncomfortable side of the spectrum, I've been able to walk away with opportunity to reflect on things that I can learn about myself or examining the ways in which my own hang ups prevented my success. If I had to sum up my goal in 2017, it's to become a more complete person and more comfortable with myself as I already am, so that my desire to continue to grow is one of self-care rather than ever coming from a place of insecurity. I want to be more open, more transparent and more confident in who I am and what I can offer. Doesn't seem like too much to ask, right? Was that really a sum? Seems like an array and the const is named "ramble". That's ok, I'm keeping it. Wish me success, I'm ready.